README.md, before:

Personal Film Library
=====================

## What?

This project will hopefully have the functionality to\
provide information about personal film libraries/collections.

## Why?

There are other platforms that are able to display information and\
perform complex data navigation, but this is a personal project\
that I would like to do from scratch to see if I can imitate some\
of those functions using Python.

## How?

Using the Python Pandas library, I will be pulling information from an\
exported Letterboxd .csv file from my personal profile. This will provide\
the data for us to do certain operations and data returns, based on what\
the user asks the program to do. Such as...

1. What titles do I have from a particular year?
2. What titles do I have from a particular genre?
3. Randomized movie recommendations based on genre.
4. Operations based on personal ratings.
5. Others to come!

> I think this is the beginning\
> of a beautiful friendship.

**I look forward to finishing this portfolio project...*
*But there is still much work to be done.*

Commit message:

Added 'Next Steps' section to README file

README.md, after:

Personal Film Library
=====================

## What?

This project will hopefully have the functionality to\
provide information about personal film libraries/collections.

## Why?

There are other platforms that are able to display information and\
perform complex data navigation, but this is a personal project\
that I would like to do from scratch to see if I can imitate some\
of those functions using Python.

## How?

Using the Python Pandas library, I will be pulling information from an\
exported Letterboxd .csv file from my personal profile. This will provide\
the data for us to do certain operations and data returns, based on what\
the user asks the program to do. Such as...

1. What titles do I have from a particular year?
2. What titles do I have from a particular genre?
3. Randomized movie recommendations based on genre.
4. Operations based on personal ratings.
5. Others to come!

> I think this is the beginning\
> of a beautiful friendship.

### Next Steps...

I do need to implement a way to easily add new additions to the\
physical media collection so that the .CSV file won't be out of date.

**I look forward to finishing this portfolio project...*
*But there is still much work to be done.*
